Prepare Release - v3.1.0 (#318)
1Password/terraform-provider-onepassword: CHANGELOG.md

---

[//]: # (START/v3.1.0)
# v3.1.0

## Features
  * Add `section_map` and `field_map` attributes for organizing sections and fields in items. {#316}
  * Add `filename` and `valid_from` attributes to item data source for API Credential items. {#210}

>   * Add `note_value_wo` attribute to item resource for write-only secure note values. {#304}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Provider supports `note_value_wo` attribute to item resource for write-only secure note values. {#304}
```

## Fixes
  * Provider validates that `password_recipe` and `value` cannot be used together in the same field. {#314}
  * `MONTH_YEAR` field type now enforces YYYYMM format to avoid state inconsistencies. {#311}

>   * E2E tests now run in parallel to improve test execution time. {#315}

Reviewer 2: Fair, I'll remove.
